st2 [2044][ADD] account_invoice_line_salesperson (#160)
qrtl/hls-custom: account_invoice_line_salesperson/readme/DESCRIPTION.rst

> This module adds Sales Person in account invoice line.
> If account_invoice not has origin sale_order, create user will be Sales Person.
> If account_invoice has origin sale_order, user of first sale_order will be Sales Person/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module adds salesperson in account invoice line.

* The salesperson value is taken from the linked sales order line if any.  Otherwise, the value is taken from user_id of the invoice.

The salesperson field is expected to be used in the invoice analysis report which is prepared with SQL View.
```
